docs: Update Recorder getting started (#194)
nightwatchjs/nightwatch-docs: guide/writing-tests/chrome-devtools-recorder.md

<div class="page-header"><h2>Create Nightwatch test using Google Chrome DevTools Recorder</h2></div>

[Chrome DevTools](https://goo.gle/devtools] has a [Recorder](https://goo.gle/devtools-recorder) panel which lets users records their user flows, and export them as JSON files or other custom formats.

You can convert the these user flows to Nightwatch test scripts by:

> - Installing the [Nightwatch Recorder Extension](https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch-chrome-recorder), and export it straight away from the Chrome DevTools, or

Reviewer: Should we add a link to the Chrome Webstore link?
If not then we should change the URL to https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch-recorder-extension

Author: Fixed

> - Installing the [Nightwatch Recorder Extension](https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch-chrome-recorder), and export it straight away from the Chrome DevTools, or

Author: ```suggestion
- Installing the [Nightwatch Recorder Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nightwatch-chrome-recorde/nhbccjfogdgkahamfohokdhcnemjafjk/), and export it straight away from the Chrome DevTools, or
```

> - Installing the [Nightwatch Recorder Extension](https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch-chrome-recorder), and export it straight away from the Chrome DevTools, or

Author: ```suggestion
- Installing the [Nightwatch Recorder Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nightwatch-chrome-recorde/nhbccjfogdgkahamfohokdhcnemjafjk/), and export it straight away from the Chrome DevTools, or
```

> - Using the [@nightwatch/chrome-recorder](https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch-chrome-recorder) library to convert the scripts programmatically.

Author: ```suggestion
- Using the [@nightwatch/chrome-recorder](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@nightwatch/chrome-recorder) library to convert the scripts programmatically.
```

The output from the tool will be written to the "Nightwatch" folder. Once we have the test file, we can run the Nightwatch tests using the CLI.

### Found an issue? Let us know.

> If you find any situations where it generates unexpected results or something seems amiss, please let us know so we can clean them up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find any situations where it generates unexpected results or something seems a miss, please let us know so we can clean them up. 
```

Author: "amiss" is a correct word, not a typo. https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/amiss

- [File an issue](https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch-recorder-extension/issues) for Nightwatch Recorder Extension
- [File an issue](https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch-chrome-recorder/issues) for `@nightwatch/chrome-recorder` library

### References

- https://developers.google.com/codelabs/devtools-recorder#0

> - https://nightwatchjs.org/guide/quickstarts/create-and-run-a-nightwatch-test.html#run-a-test

Author: ```suggestion
- https://nightwatchjs.org/guide/quickstarts/create-and-run-a-nightwatch-test.html#run-a-test
- https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch-recorder-extension
- https://github.com/nightwatchjs/nightwatch-chrome-recorder
```
